I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense!
How did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
You really shouldn't be intimidated by advanced math…it's easy as pi!
My ex-wife still misses me. But her aim is starting to improve!
What did the hamburger name it's baby? Patty!
Why was the baby ant confused? Because all his uncles were ants!
One lung said to another…we be-lung together!
Why was the cookie sad? Because his mom was a wafer long!
I used to go fishing with Skrillex. But he kept dropping the bass!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter!
I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said Wii!
What did the sushi say to the bee? Wasabee!
Sure, I drink brake fluid. But I can stop anytime!
My girlfriend thought I'd never be able to make a car out of spaghetti… You should've seen her face when I drove pasta!
Coffee has a rough time in our house. It gets mugged every single morning!
What did the duck say when she purchased new lipstick? Put it on my bill!
I just found out that I'm color blind. The news came completely out of the green!
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi!
Whenever I undress in the bathroom… My shower gets turned on!
I was walking through a quarry…I said to the foreman, "That sure is a big rock!"
"Boulder," he corrected me. So I stuck out my chest and shouted, "THAT SURE IS A BIG ROCK!!"
My parents said I can't drink coffee anymore. Or else they'll ground me!
Why didn't the cat go to the vet? He was feline fine!
What did syrup to the waffle? I love you a waffle lot!
Who is the penguin's favorite Aunt? Aunt-Arctica!
I once met a pig that did karate…we called him Pork Chop!
What should a lawyer always wear to a court? A good lawsuit!
Somebody stole all my lamps….and I couldn't be more de-lighted!
My wife refuses to go to a nude beach with me…I think she's just being clothes-minded!
The quickest way to make antifreeze? Just steal her blanket!
Did you hear about that cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie!
What do you do with chemists when they die? Barium!
